Add documentation for NodeLatencyMonitor feature (#6561)
antrea-io/antrea: docs/feature-gates.md

#### Requirements for this Feature

- Linux Nodes only.

### NodeLatencyMonitor

`NodeLatencyMonitor` enables latency measurements between all pairs of Nodes using ICMP probes,
which are generated periodically by each Antrea Agent. After enabling the feature gate, you will
need to create a `NodeLatencyMonitor` Custom Resource named `default`, after which probes will start
being generated. For example, you can apply the following YAML manifest using kubectl:

```yaml
apiVersion: crd.antrea.io/v1alpha1
kind: NodeLatencyMonitor
metadata:
  name: default
spec:
  pingIntervalSeconds: 60
```

> You can adjust `pingIntervalSeconds` to your desired value. To stop latency measurements, simply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can adjust `pingIntervalSeconds` to any positive value that suits your needs. To stop latency measurements, simply
```

delete the Custom Resource with `kubectl delete nodelatencymonitor/default`.

Latency measurements can be queried using the `NodeLatencyStats` API in `stats.antrea.io/v1alpha1`.
This can be done with kubectl:

```bash
> kubectl get nodelatencystats
NODE NAME            NUM LATENCY ENTRIES   AVG LATENCY   MAX LATENCY
kind-control-plane   2                     7.110553ms    8.94447ms
kind-worker          2                     11.177585ms   11.508751ms
kind-worker2         2                     11.356675ms   15.265629ms
```

Note that it may take up to one period interval (`pingIntervalSeconds`) for results to become
visible. Use `kubectl get nodelatencystats -o yaml` or `kubectl get nodelatencystats -o json` to see all the
individual latency measurements. For example:

```bash
> kubectl get nodelatencystats/kind-worker -o yaml
```

```yaml
apiVersion: stats.antrea.io/v1alpha1
kind: NodeLatencyStats
metadata:

>   creationTimestamp: null

Reviewer: Maybe remove this line?

Author: This is the current output of the command, so we should not hand modify it manually for the documentation.
However, we could look into setting it correctly in the REST server, as a subsequent PR.

  name: kind-worker
peerNodeLatencyStats:
- nodeName: kind-control-plane
  targetIPLatencyStats:
  - lastMeasuredRTTNanoseconds: 5837000
    lastRecvTime: "2024-07-26T22:40:03Z"
    lastSendTime: "2024-07-26T22:40:33Z"
    targetIP: 10.10.0.1
- nodeName: kind-worker2
  targetIPLatencyStats:
  - lastMeasuredRTTNanoseconds: 4704000
    lastRecvTime: "2024-07-26T22:40:03Z"
    lastSendTime: "2024-07-26T22:40:33Z"
    targetIP: 10.10.2.1
```

The feature supports both IPv4 and IPv6. When enabled in a dual-stack cluster, Antrea Agents will
generate both ICMP and ICMPv6 probes, and report both latency results. In general (except when

> policyOnly mode is used), inter-Node latency will be measured between Antrea gateway
> interfaces. Therefore, in encap mode, ICMP probes will traverse the overlay, just like regular

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`networkPolicyOnly` mode is used), inter-Node latency will be measured between Antrea gateway
interfaces. Therefore, in `encap` mode, ICMP probes will traverse the overlay, just like regular
```
